blog url:https://blog.csdn.net/qq_30865093

The ultimate goal of decentralization is to create a free and equal society of mutual trust. Through the efforts of public chain projects such as Ethereum,public chain development has made significant progress, and the commercial use of digital currency and smart contracts has become possible. Prior to this, some private chains and alliance chains have been successfully applied, which has made people have more expectations for public chain developers. It is hoped that the  arrival of commercial public chains can solve the high cost real problems such as digital payment and smart contracts. However, the reason why the public chain is different from the private chain and the alliance chain, the core is in the design of its consensus mechanism needs to ensure that the nodes that are not acquainted with each other, and the ever-expanding nodes can establish trust with each other through technical means, and integrate the computing power to complete the task and ensure the public. The chain runs stably and efficiently. The existing consensus mechanism design is mostly difficult to achieve a good balance between security and performance, just as the dilemma between decentralized decision-making and administrative efficiency has plagued public chain  developers. 

The truechain hopes to maximize efficiency while maintaining the decentralized nature. The emergence of a hybrid consensus mechanism combining POW and PBFT has brought a glimmer of hope to the solution of the problem. 
Technology Architecture The technical structure of the truechain is divided into three layers from the bottom up: a hybrid consensus mechanism, a smart contract, and a contract abstraction. For specific design, please refer to the truechain technology yellow book or the github open source code https://github.com/truechain. 

Mixed consensus mechanism The design of the consensus mechanism is the core difference between the public chain and the private chain and the alliance chain. It needs to be sufficiently decentralized to achieve security, and requires high running speed to ensure performance. The industry has basically formed an understanding - it is difficult to balance the efficiency and decentralization nature with a single consensus mechanism. In order to make up for the shortcomings of the previous two generations of
blockchain bitcoin and Ethereum TPS, which could not be applied to the development of real business applications, the truechain chose a hybrid consensus mechanism that combines the efficiency of PBFT with the decentralization of POW. On the basis of ensuring the essence of decentralization, high-performance,high-reliability public-chain development is realized to carry the goal of large-scale commercial Dapp operation. 

The solution to the distributed protocol is roughly divided into two. One is a POW solution represented by Bitcoin, which has proved difficult to go further in
transaction processing speed; a PBFT solution represented by many private chains and alliance chains can efficiently process large amounts of transactions. But the PBFT solution requires that many nodes participating in the accounting trust each other, so it is best for the nodes to get to know each other before the agreement takes effect. However, there is no doubt that there is a huge moral hazard in the application of the record of the full-chain transactions by the backbone nodes that they know each other. How to establish a consensus mechanism for efficient mutual trust in the public chain has become a worldwide problem. 

The solutions of the truechain take their own strengths. The mechanism for retaining the PBFT record book is not moved, the selection of the super node is opened to the public chain, and the POW protocol is used as the quasi-system to support the dynamic selection and agreement of the super node, and the formation of the backbone node community is transformed from the private chain and the alliance chain property to The nature of the public chain.
 
Smart contract 

The intelligent contract layer is a key step in the application of the consensus mechanism. The operation of smart contracts must be done by virtual machines,ensuring that unified smart contracts can compute the same result in different environments. The truechain inherited the design of Ethereum’s virtual machine(EVM) and launched TVM on PBFT. TVM will be implanted into each of the decision-making backbone nodes so that they can make invocation requests based on  individual requirements. 

Contract abstraction
 
The contract abstraction layer abstracts the basic business logic in smart contracts, simplifying the process for developers to set up complex smart contracts.