          The Most Beautiful Mixed Consensus Public Chain--Interpretation of "TrueChain Technology Yellow Book"
  As a pioneer of a fast, secure, unrestricted, and scalable hybrid consensus chain, TrueChain combines PBFT and POW consensus to ensure the performance requirements required in value distribution and business applications, while meeting the decentralization The security and freedom of liberation can be said to be a perfect mixed-consensus public chain with great development space and potential. Here is my interpretation of the technical yellow book, sorting out my own understanding and letting everyone participate in TrueChain:
  First. A hybrid consensus protocol using PBFT and POW
POW (Proof Of Work): Proof of work [1] [2]. Simply put, a proof is used to determine your work. It selects the block node by continuously generating random numbers and hashing them through the pre-broadcast rules (complexity) of the network, allowing each participating node to prove its eligibility to become a checkpoint. It is through this algorithm that TrueChain ensures incentives and committee elections to effectively prevent malicious attacks.
PBFT (Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance): Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance [3]. It is a state machine replica replication algorithm, where the service is modeled as a state machine, and the state machine replicates replicas at different nodes of the distributed system. A copy of each state machine saves the state of the service and also implements the operation of the service. It guarantees that TrueChain has high throughput and is processed at the same time with little loss of efficiency, and also ensures transaction verification. At the same time, because the PBFT algorithm can allow 1/3 of the host to crash, corrupt, and do evil, it will allow the maximum tolerance of one-third peers to be corrupted in TrueChain. Through this hybrid consensus mechanism, TrueChain converts the nature of the nodes that can be used by the private chain and the alliance chain into a public chain, and also ensures its efficiency and mutual trust. Developed a high-performance, high-reliability public chain.
  Second, TrueChain's innovation
    1. According to the introduction of the Yellow Book, the TrueChain fruit chain is used as a slow chain (snailchain) to replace Nakamoto (traditional chain) to resist the 1/3-ε corruption (inhashpower) random small constant ε for optimal adaptability. . We all know that traditional mining processes require powerful computing resources, including the injection of large amounts of mining equipment, power and bandwidth. The fruit chain divides the large blocks generated by PBFT into several fruits. As a light node design concept, ordinary participants can use ordinary computers and even use mobile phones to achieve mining.
    2. transaction processing and IPFS storage consolidation, TrueChain storage is divided into three levels, respectively, stored on each PoW node, similar to ipfs file system, local storage. Users can pay different fees through different storage levels.
    3. TrueChain Virtual Machine (TVM) [4], which applies EVM to the slow chain and applies TVM to the PBFT backbone node so that each full node can respond to different invocation requests and can be called on demand.
The following link gives the address of TrueChain's yellow book, welcome to read and exchange!
https://www.truechain.pro/paper.pdf

 [1] Analysis of Blockchain Consensus Mechanism - Discussion on Advantages and Disadvantages of PoW, PoS, DPos and DAG. URL http://www.8btc.com/blockchain-concensus-mech.
 [2] Blockchain Consensus Algorithm - POW. URL https://www.jianshu.com/p/b23cbafbbad2.
 [3] Blockchain core technology: PBFT by Byzantine consensus algorithm https://www.jianshu.com/p/fb5edf031afd.
 [4] G. Wood. Ethereum: A secure decentralized generalized transaction ledger. URL
Https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf,2018.
