## What's the smart contract

A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract.

Smart contracts were first proposed by Nick Szabo in 1994, which is almost the same year of Internet term. Because lack of credible execution environment, smart contracts are not used in actual industry.
Blockchain technology provides a decentralized, immutability, high reliability system.
In this system environment, smart contract can play more important role in the real world.

Smart contract is one important feature in blockchain. It is one key step to realize the consensus protocol feature.

## Characteristics of TrueChain smart contract

#### Stable and low-cost gas fee

Free gas fee is impossible for any public blockchain(No license blockchain).
In spite of that, truechain can provide stable and low-cost gas fee, let more Dapp can be deployed on blockchain.

#### smart contract support multiple coding language

Smart contract can only run on virtual machine, which ensure that smart contract run out the same result in different environment.
TrueChain inherits the design idea of Ethereum virtual machine(EVM), and expands more features. It will publish new TrueChain vitual machine(TVM) in furture,the new vitual machine are more like X86 vitual machine.
Many smart contracts which use different development language(python, go, javascript and so on) can been deployed on this vitual machine.

Currently, truechain support the smart contracts which coded by the Ethereum Solidity language.

#### Easy Dapp development framework

Easy Dapp development framework is one easy to use development framework.
Developer needn't focus on complex technology stack, needn't understand the complex realization of the blockchain, and needn't deploy the entire blockchain. What you need is including this framework, calling the standard api functions, then runing smart contract at the TVM, then you can quickly develop and deploy your own decentralized application(Dapp).

Currently, the online [Stellar](stellar.truechain.pro) is the easy, stable, high efficiency smart contract development platform. The developer can manage their smart contract in its full life.

In the future, truechain will continually improve smart contract development toolkit, and enrich infrastructure products, meet the demands that the developer to develop individual, complex smart contract.

## How write smart contract

Smart contract is the program constituted by code and data. Smart contract locals at truechain special address.

We write smart contract using solidity language by example. We introduce how to write a regulatory smart contract at here. The code of smart contract HelloWorld.sol is as below:

```javascript
pragma solidity ^0.4.0;

contract HelloWorld {
    uint balance;

    function update(uint amount) returns (address, uint) {
        balance += amount;
        return (msg.sender, balance);
    }
}
```

Explain: the `uint balance` is decleared one status parameter, which type is `uint` (256 bit unsigned int)

`function update(uint amount) returns (address, uint)`  is one function, which formal parameter is `amount`, returned parameter is tuple type: (address, unit). We can only provide the returned paramter type, needn't provide the variable name.
The propose of this function is update the HelloWorld's `balance`. After this smart contract is called successfully, the value `balance` will increase.

For more details about "how to write the Solidity smart contract", you can read [Solidity official development guide](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/) for reference.
